Codepen: https://codepen.io/matthewmsmith/pen/oNxeKQg?editors=1100



<!-- Questions to Submit in today's file first-lastname.txt --> 
<!--
Copy the questions below into the first-lastname.txt file on your github repo - answer each question and then push your changes. 

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    S  Describes its meaning - syntactic sugar
    2. What is HTML used for? 
       Markup
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
       Attributes define characteristics of an element or property. 
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
       Headlines. Its to catch the users attention 
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
       a, img
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
       links 
    7. What is an id? 
       like a class but used to direct to different sections of a website
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
        Its best practice to use IDs for nav purposes 
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
        once
    10. What is a class? 
        class something you reference to alter in css or js
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
        You can add a class to any element
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
        As many times as you want
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for?
        It gives the user information if something doesnt appear like an img 
    15. How do I reference an id?
        #
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
        Section is apart of html5. It makes it easier to read. But no use difference
    17. What is CSS used for? 
        Style
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
        h2{}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
        .theClass
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
        .human p {}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful?
        To be more specific  
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
       .sidebar a{}
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
        specific to state. Hover etc
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
        padding or margin
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
        letter-spacing 
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
        uppercase
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
        border-radius: dotted
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
        body
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
       <!---->
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
        cd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this?
       del/ filename because once you delete it, the file is gone.
    34. Why should I use version control? 
        To have changes on file.
    35. How often should I commit to github?
        Often but when a decent amount is completed
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
        git push -u branch-name, git checkout -b 
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
        Fork, collaborator, clone, branch, git commands, create pr

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    block takes up entire width. Inline occupies only whats needed. 
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
       its located subject to its parent -- width: 50% will be 50% of its wrapper
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are display block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
     block: nav, p, ul,
     inline: a, input, button
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
    The box model is used for layout control and design. Understanding the behavior of elements.


   --> 